[GEN] tutorials content review (#2796)
scaleway/docs-content: tutorials/rtmp-self-hosted-streaming/index.mdx

hero: assets/scaleway_rtmp.webp
tags: streaming RTMP videostream video broadcast OBS-Client Multistreaming
dates:
  validation: 2024-02-26
  posted: 2019-05-20
---

> The Internet's fascination with live video streaming continues to soar, with platforms such as Twitch and YouTube providing eash access to engage with live and recorded content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Internet's fascination with live video streaming continues to soar, with platforms such as Twitch and YouTube providing easy access to engage with live and recorded content.
```

However, while these platforms offer basic free options, users often encounter interruptions in the form of advertisements unless they opt for a paid subscription.

For individuals craving absolute control over their content, open-source solutions offer a compelling alternative. By configuring a personal live streaming server, users can gain complete autonomy over their broadcasts. 

> Uding the open-source RTMP protocol on a self-hosted streaming serviers, users gain autonomy to manage their content free from external constraints and interruptions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Using the open-source RTMP protocol on self-hosted streaming servers, users gain autonomy to manage their content free from external constraints and interruptions.
```
